feat(provider): Add africastalking provider (#3249)
novuhq/novu: providers/africastalking/README.md

> # Novu Africastalking Provider
> 
> A Africastalking sms provider library for [@novu/node](https://github.com/novuhq/novu)
> 
> ## Usage
> 
> ```javascript
> import { AfricastalkingSmsProvider } from '@novu/africastalking';
> 
>  const provider = new AfricastalkingSmsProvider({
>     apiKey: process.env.AFRICASTALKING_API_KEY,
>     username: process.env.AFRICASTALKING_USERNAME,
>     from: process.env.AFRICASTALKING_FROM
>   });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Novu Africa's Talking Provider

A Africa's Talking SMS provider library for [@novu/node](https://github.com/novuhq/novu)

## Usage

```javascript
import { AfricasTalkingSmsProvider } from '@novu/africas-talking';

 const provider = new AfricasTalkingSmsProvider({
    apiKey: process.env.AFRICAS_TALKING_API_KEY,
    username: process.env.AFRICAS_TALKING_USERNAME,
    from: process.env.AFRICAS_TALKING_FROM
  });
```
Besides suggestions for the content, fixes for my suggested code naming based on the branding.
